well howdy there internet people it's
beau gown
so today we're going to talk about a
foreign policy initiative that has
raised eyebrows
it has drawn a lot of criticism from
certain political circles and it has
become a joke now so we're going to talk
about that
i got a message not not a very polite
message
but i got a message and when the person
was done questioning my plant-based diet
and my orientation a line in it was that
i must be one of those liberals who
supports spending american tax dollars
on gender studies in the pakistan
the pakistan uh yes i do actually
support
spending american tax dollars on gender
studies in the pakistan
also think we should do it in sudan and
in saudi arabia
however the us government would never do
it in saudi arabia
wouldn't introduce those ideas there
wouldn't introduce the idea
of gender equality because for whatever
reason
the u.s government believes the saudi
government is their friend
and they wouldn't want to undermine them
if those ideas were to take root in
saudi arabia
it would disrupt the status quo
disrupt the government's ability to do
things the way it always has
pakistan is not an opposition nation
however they share a very porous border
with another country one that we've been
in for 20 years
and if you were to watch any movie on
netflix
when an american soldier walks into a
village
and needs to speak to the head man who
shows up
some old dude with a beard right why
because it is an incredibly patriarchal
society
that is how they maintain their power
that is how they maintain their support
that is how they function
that is how they recruit
introducing the ideas of gender equality
to the area
and having them spread would limit their
ability to function
it would keep opposition forces off of
the battlefield
it is a whole lot easier and less
expensive
to keep them off the battlefield than it
is to remove them
once they are there
i get it here in the u.s gender studies
has become a buzzword
in the culture wars in real wars though
that education is weaponized
it helps undermine the opposition
so i hate to break it to you guys but if
you want to remain
six foot two red white and blue red
blooded american who supports troops and
all that
it's time to smash the patriarchy
because that power structure
is dangerous
these educational programs like this
have been run by the u.s government for
i don't know 70 years they are
incredibly
effective this is no different
than building irrigation ditches for
farmers
so they don't have to rely on the power
structure of the opposition
it's the same thing only this is going
on the offensive
and undermining the very ideology
that fosters the opposition
the fact that it will actually better
the lives
of millions of women there that
that's kind of just a happy bonus as far
as the government is concerned
that's not the reason they're doing it
they're doing it because it undermines
the opposition
so you have a choice gentlemen you can
have a cute joke for the internet
and be all macho and everything or you
can support the troops a little bit more
than that yellow ribbon bumper sticker
on your truck
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day